this is what people in Gaza wake up to
every
day Israel ignoring warnings from world
leaders including its main Ally the
United States and buming Raffa a
Darkness Aid agency say that has
catastrophic consequences for
Palestinians Israel's take over of the
ruer border crossing with Egypt on
Tuesday means no Aid can get
in Aid that Lifeline for those living in
the Gaza Strip Israel has also denied
the UN and other Aid agencies access to
Gaza they say the supplies of the fuel
will only last a one more day during the
last 7 months Israel has been forcing
Palestinians into Rafa nearly 2third of
this Trip's population of 2.3 million
are displaced there that's 1.5 million
people the city had a population of 275
,000 before the
war exhausted and traumatized they are
on the move again some Dash blazed for
the fifth or the sixth time Israel has
told those in eastern Rafa to go to
areas that just weeks ago were
battlefields they are going to masasi KH
yunes and darl bah none of these areas
have basic services not conditions
considered
livable many Palestinians are close to
family and suffering waterborne diseases
with only extremely Bor Medical Care
available we have suffered a lot our
children see horrible things and
missiles falling they suffer with trauma
all while we're displaced even tanks are
not far from us you can see it with your
bare
eyes Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and the Minister of Defense to
AF Galant have both released a statement
saying the buming of Rafa is necessary
to get rid of Hamas and that is Isel
will continue to deepen its operation
all over the strip in the South Center
and in the
north Gaza is often described as the
world's largest op
present and before the war was already
under a 17-year blockade imposed by
Israel as a ceasefire dealers are still
being discussed in Cairo Palestinians in
the Gaza Strip are desperate for the war
to
end tar abaz Al jazer rafah
palestin make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer